
  I think the biggest challenge in the assignment was coming up with the idea of what I wanted to do. However, what was born from a long moment of thought is The Jargon Linker. It is a concept that can be implemented into various company structures as a cross-border method of communication. As the idea progressed into fruition, I realized the value in its entirety. Secondly, another part that was difficult to accomplish was putting everything together in the HTML source file correctly. Since I had worked on HTML many years ago, it was like relearning how to ride a bike, but it once again became clear after a bit of clarification from the instructor. Throughout the process of making this project a reality, I had to juggle how the screen or User Interface would be laid out. At first, I wanted everything centered, but I wanted to get away from a traditional way of viewing things. I wanted to capture the user's attention. I also wanted to use a color that enabled a higher level of productivity. So, I googled such a color, and it turns out blue is the color that enhances productivity. 
	So what is Jargon Linker? It’s a word bank network that is shared between companies. Particularly, jargon with a definition from each type of company connected to the network. This enables concise communication and clarification within emails and documents, and reports across all companies. How is it used? You can input a word and the definition associated with the word, then save it in the bank. Then, if you need to know what a word means, and it comes from a company within your network. Then you can go to the bank and click on the dropdown and select the definitions. This would then display a list of definitions that are alphabetically organized. At this point, click on the word and it will display the definition. You also have the option to just search for the word and the definition. Another feature is having the ability to type what definition you think is in the network, and if it matches a word or is close to a word, it pulls up various possibilities and options. 
In conclusion, I had a lot of fun making this project happen and turning it into a reality. I look forward to more projects like this and seeing it come to life. 

